[Music]
hey foodies we're getting busy with a
wonderful summertime treat this is
all-american macaroni salad now I know a
lot of people make macaroni salad all
year round but I love to make macaroni
salad with lots of color and some great
texture so this way you get the creamy
tangy dressing but you also get the
crunch of some fresh vegetables and the
pop of some really beautiful color now
we have already chopped up most of our
vegetables let me get this celery into
its little bowl here and get that all
ready to go we also want to make sure
that we get our pasta from the
refrigerator
I love making my pasta ahead of time so
that way I can get it cooled and get it
ready to go because once you stop
cooking the pasta we want to blanch it
real quickly with some cold water so you
can make sure it stops this cooking
process and it's ready to add in once
you get all your fresh ingredients
prepared so we'll head over to the
refrigerator grab our 4 cups of cooked
pasta now I also like to toss this with
a little olive oil because I think that
keeps it from sticking together and
makes it a lot easier to work with now
the only thing we have left to do is to
shred up some carrot so it's a great
opportunity for you to get all those
great wonderful farm-fresh vegetables we
are in the height of some great great
vegetables all year round now because
you can really get great vegetables 12
months of the year in the summertime all
those great wonderful farmer's markets
start coming in with all their great
vegetables so buy local
get all your great vegetables and that
makes every recipe that much nicer we're
gonna add this in to our carrots and get
busy to start assembling everything we
need for all-american macaroni salad now
we started with 4 cups of elbow macaroni
that has already been cooked off and
ready to go now we're going to add to
that 1 cup of chopped red onion then
we're going to jump in with celery this
is 1 cup of chopped celery from there we
go into your green garden peas now these
are frozen but we've defrosted them and
they're ready to pop inside and that's 1
cup of frozen peas then we're going to
add 1/2 cup of this beautiful chopped
red pepper those are really great for
color then we're going to go in with 3
boiled eggs and then finally one and a
half cups of deli ham diced tight and
ready to go inside but don't forget
that lasts a little bit of color all
those grated carrots that we worked on
this is going to come together for you
and our carrots are one cup and you're
ready to go with something that's really
colorful and full of great texture so
now we have half the macaroni salad made
let's get busy on the dressing the
dressing is really classic and so easy
to make I love this dressing because it
combines all the creaminess you're after
plus the tang that your really love with
macaroni salad now let's move our dry
ingredients and the macaroni out of the
way and get busy with our dressing now
what we've already done is put the wet
ingredients inside I'm a big fan of
doing this from the start it really kind
of speeds up the whole process what we
have in the bowl already is our
mayonnaise we've got half a cup one and
a half cups of mayonnaise we also have
sour cream there's 3/4 of a cup of sour
cream and then of course you've got
Dijon mustard there are two tablespoons
and make sure you get that really
wonderful fresh creamy Dijon mustard to
give it that nice punch then we're going
to add in our dry ingredients and our
spices so let's get these over here as
well what I also have to add a little
extra Tang is some white vinegar this is
three tablespoons of white vinegar add
that in and that'll really give it a
nice punch then beyond that we're going
to add in our spices now we've got sugar
also garlic powder
there's also salt and celery seed one
teaspoon of celery seed one tablespoon
of sugar two teaspoons of kosher salt
one teaspoon of ground pepper and a half
tablespoon of garlic powder so we'll add
all of that in and then we're going to
get a whisk and give this a nice stir
this is such an easy dressing I like to
tilt the bowl a little bit to the side
there and get a really nice whisk in
there incorporating all those spices all
of your wet ingredients and you can
already start to smell how zesty and
tangy this is going to be now what I'm
going to do is add my black pepper last
and there are a couple reasons for that
one I want to make sure that I get it
evenly distributed because you don't
want that to clump up inside and I'm
also going to make sure that I
incorporate that up high when you add
your spices up high you get more even
coverage let's take this from our
measuring spoon and just give a nice
shake up high and get it evenly
distributed then we'll whisk that back
in so there's all of our pepper
that all worked in and now for the hard
part we're just going to add in the
other ingredients not anything so hard
about this at all so we'll take this to
the side my hands wipe and start
incorporating in all of these other
ingredients remember all your dry
ingredients go inside along with your
pasta you're gonna give this one great
big stir I like to call this recipe a
dump and stir because it's so so easy
you're just going to incorporate all the
ingredients and then give it a nice stir
but remember because those peas are now
defrosted you want to incorporate this
very gently there's no need to get into
a hurry with this you don't want those
Peas to break apart or to mush up that's
a culinary term you may want to look it
up so this is gonna be a perfect way for
you to add color texture and wonderful
Tang enus to really a classic American
treat macaroni salad is something that
we really can enjoy all year round but
we tend to it make it and enjoy it more
in the summertime perfect for backyard
barbecues wonderful for holiday
get-togethers and isn't it nice when you
make it yourself
sure you can go to a store might buy a
premade but that's really not going to
give it its homemade touch and when you
add your own ingredients you know
exactly what's going inside you know
where you source them and you know right
away that they're going to be perfect
for everyone who gathers around your
family picnic table so now the only
thing left is to serve it up and enjoy
let me grab a couple of bowls here I
like working with shallow bowls when I
serve this particularly this is going to
be kind of the main event
and get a nice big serving spoon nothing
nicer than a big wooden serving spoon
for a summertime meal and be generous
with this this also keeps hurry and I
say I've often found that this is even
better the next day because all the
flavors have had time to kind of
marinate and complement one more for
everybody at the table this is the
perfect perfect accompaniment to go with
any of your grilling items any of your
summertime meals I always say make this
ahead of time and let those flavors
marinate and you'll come away with a
colorful macaroni salad all-american
colors and great texture for your next
family get-together
you